rock a fitur dies
ladies ladies and gentlemen column in
area and today I'm bringing a
About Me
I played think the two or three days
back with my friend rafael bf who
You do not know is in my humble
best october f3 player view
He plays too much of Brazil.
It is highly recommended that you visit
channel to see in the videos that they
to be their series on guns
about the maps he really teaches a
quite the club staff as I
play better f3 and holly of rafael bf
here's also the fried soda already
was throwing into chaos communicating and
talking a lot about the
and this is the best way to
playing bf3 even fired the player who
Does not play very well will have fun.
enough
when playing for goals with 11 group of
friends on the beach talking and
really communicating a game I had you
I said I'm really enjoying it.
play f3 including our strategy
Who was the people walking the squad now?
all together as close as possible and
they warned me when it was for me
hide to wait for the squad
will arrive in positions and was even
my squad that decided
basically this game we q qq
he went ahead and planted the
calls the df with this explains rights
putting the name of the business I do not know
right is for example that part apart
interesting or I gave support in rafael
and managed to hide quickly in that
corner
what was enough so that he is
to give him time that he already had
died of the management in me go to him the
main he will now clean the area the
That made it a lot easier for me.
in a game very well you saw that I am
playing with the saga 12 say that she is the
Worth it but I'm a player that likes
much of shock but in any game not
I could stop liking her, I'm playing
enough with it one of the focal areas of
I feel some japanese but not
I am player of the problem is that it can
even being a business appeal to who knows
play with the game and if I'm in a frame like
was to grow in this group then
I believe it is not citing a
relationship for me looks champions of
basic batman at the pump
I was taking care of the bomb and at the same time
time and keeping alive so that the
squad could of the answer and in that
moment and basically it was the match
whole is like this after this band
We dominated the other very fast.
and another thing that is very interesting
bf3 I'm really enjoying the stop
I did not always enjoy playing medicine.
in mexico not being a doctor and robbery
I know but I am from the times of
beta the movie the bad company 2 and in it the
People were mean by the way and that's it.
Guys, I just wanted to show you this little trick.
I hope you have
liked it if you liked know what
to make that assessment help to
people to advertise the channel
So it's in the crimes, do not forget that
had live this morning had a video
no special two-year plan
and without my children
It's there on the canal, take a look then.
All the best to you, my dear ones.
Kiss of Colorado and that neighborhood is
neighborhood that you like sex
girls mush mush to me boy
the uncle